- Ibrahim
X : @sle1i
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Once more.
How does a horse bark?
No!
Got it?
How does a horse bark?
Once more.
Both hands.
And then... Yeah.
I think you're so flexible.
Okay. I'll give you
one more chance.
Um.
Yeah.
One more. one more.
Um.
Oops.
That was great.
Great job.
Good.
It sounded really good.
Hm. maybe. uh. play
it a few more times.
Just to practice. but. good job.
No.
Fuck.
I'll sing a lullaby. I'll
tell you things I can't say.
I'll play a lullaby
and tell you.
Every moment. you know. how I
lift the strings towards me.
But you didn't know the truth.
We were too weak to change
anything. maybe you knew. maybe not.
I'm afraid you'll leave me one day
Straight from the field. praise God
knows you'll mourn
just like a new day has
passed I am like this
now when you love me.
I dream of a new day. I admit to myself
now that I love you Again and again.
I pray that you'll meet with me
one day. and say. come to me.
Girl. you know you'll welcome
me. I'll thank you all night.
Now I'm not busy with loving you.
meeting you. talking to you. keeping you.
Now I'm not busy with
loving you. again and again.
I admit that I love
you again and again.
Sweet darling.
Shoes off. please.
Oh.
Can you please remind me.
why you bought me this bike?
What?
This bike. why?
Core.
Spine health.
Remember the doctor said...
You were supposed to fold it!
There's no point
in folding a bike.
It folds!
This thing is fucking
impossible to fold.
Do you know how hard
this is to fold?
It's supposed to be more
comfortable than a normal bike.
It's much less comfortable
than a normal bike.
And also the wheels.
they are so small.
It's like I have to pedal four times to
get one normal wheel rotation out of it.
Oh. I'll have to practice maybe.
Where is Maggie?
Hey. Maggie!
No. she's not here.
Where is she?
She's. uh. at a sleepover.
Where?
At Sadie's.
I thought she was having
a sleepover with Sadie.
Oh. that's last minute.
Oh my God. Sadie
is so weird. right?
I don't know if it's good that
she's hanging out with Sadie.
It's fine.
I called ahead. Sadie's
mother is single.
There are no men or
guns in the house.
You called Sadie's mother
to find out if she's single?
Yeah. of course.
Of course.
For fuck's sake.
I'm freezing here.
Fuck.
Oh my God. look at
all that cheese.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Leave it. leave it. leave
it. leave it. leave it.
Not yet. not yet. not yet.
What is all this?
What is it?
What is that smell?
I'm making a soufflé.
You're making a soufflé?
And there's ninety kilos
of cheese for that?
Is there some kind of event?
Are we expecting some people?
Our neighbors.
Which neighbors?
Our neighbors from upstairs.
I told you yesterday.
Remember?
You mentioned that for some crazy
reason you want to invite them over.
You certainly didn't tell me
that they were coming tonight.
Why didn't you ask me about it?
Oh. really. honey?
When did that happen?
I told you.
Yesterday.
Well. telling me and asking me are
actually two very different things.
And to be honest. I don't
even think you told me.
That's why you weren't going to say
any of what I would have said anyway.
Damn.
Did you forget the wine?
The wine?
I texted you.
I texted you about the wine.
We don't have any wine.
Wait. wait. wait.
What are you doing?
Stop.
I need a cucumber.
You two couldn't even have
some cheese when you're hungry.
I need a cucumber. okay?
Now you won't want
to eat that soup.
I only live on wine.
And we don't have any wine.
This is a nightmare.
It's not a fucking nightmare.
What?
Nothing.
Can you please
clean up the office?
Can you please call the neighbors
and tell them to come another time?
No.
It's late.
They're coming in ten minutes.
They're coming in
ten fucking minutes?
Why didn't you
tell me about that?
Because we've been talking about them
coming over for like six months. okay and
they were so nice about all our noise from
the renovation our noise. you just said
that they were nice about our noise that's
crazy. you're making them a soufflé now
those people. what's happening here
she said she wanted to see it. just
wants to see it now that it's done and
she's so nice. they are so. so. you know
they seem cool and she
just. she has such a
presence and just she's
so. she's so pretty.
Yeah. she's cool.
But he is a fucking weirdo.
Understand?
Every time I'm in the
elevator with him. it's
like. glug. glug. glug.
glug. glug. over and over.
You know what I mean?
That's just what people do.
He asks me questions.
and wants me to ask him
questions when the eye
contact is unbearably intense.
Yeah. that's called
conversation.
What is that?
What?
That's a rug.
It's new.
Yeah.
You bought this rug because
the neighbors are coming over?
Oh my God.
How much did that string cost?
You're so predictable.
I'm predictable?
Yeah.
Good.
Do it for the string.
Isn't that a bit
more predictable?
I could see that
coming a mile away.
Can we please try that again?
What?
Can you leave and
come back in again?
This is for a podcast.
Yes. it is.
Does that matter?
Do you really want me to leave
the apartment and come back in?
Yes. please.
Do it for me.
No. you're fucking naive.
Joe. I'm asking you
to just do it for me.
Would that be okay?
Fine.
I'll do it for you.
Yeah?
Great.
So let's do it.
Thank you.
Yeah.
This will fix everything.
Hi. I'm home.
Hi.
How's it going?
Great.
Any. um. plans for the evening?
Yeah. um. the neighbors
are coming over.
The neighbors?
Man. I love them.
Look how talkative
and curious they are.
It's so cool.
They are really cool.
Maybe you could call them and
ask them to come some other time.
because I'm just not
feeling it today. you know?
No?
No.
Fuck.
No. it would be rude.
They are literally
on their way here.
I thought we were
going to reset.
Me too.
You said the exact same thing.
What did you want me to do?
What the fuck is that
doing on the window?
I don't like how they can see
right into our apartment. you know?
I like the light.
It's from Spain. so it's not
actually him. but he-owns.
Can I have some of that cheese?
Please. don't eat
the cheese. Joe.
I put so much work into it.
Just wait until they
arrive. then you can eat
cheese and then you can go
upstairs to smoke some weed.
If you let me. I'll
smoke some weed here.
No. you won't. because it
would soak into the walls.
You know what?
I actually think it's really nice
that they're coming over tonight.
Why?
Just because.
I can finally talk to
them about the noise.
No. Joe. we agreed.
What did we agree on?
That we wouldn't say anything.
Yeah. well. you know what?
I've changed my mind.
It's not our business what they do
in the privacy of their own home.
It's not our business that every
night we were still arguing.
The floor is shaking.
they're fucking like animals.
How is that not our business?
How the fuck is that
not our business?
She just has
magnificent orgasms.
Do you realize how hard
that is for a woman?
I don't think it's
that hard for her.
What. is she your
role model now?
Yeah. she's definitely
my role model.
Your role model
in having orgasms?
That's great.
Can we finally
paint this room?
Well. we haven't
picked a color. Joe.
So no.
It's the same color.
Pick a color.
Who cares?
That's not a color.
Remember how I said something to
them that day in the elevator?
Yes.
I was so close to
saying something.
Oh. I wish I had said
something to them that day.
Remember. I decided that
we wouldn't say anything.
Yeah. that's because I thought
it couldn't get any worse.
And do you know what
happened right after that?
That it was much.
much. much. much worse.
They almost broke through our
fucking ceiling a few days ago.
Joe. I'm not saying anything.
Why not?
They're cool. right?
I'm saying how cool they are.
So maybe if I bring
it up. we'll finally
figure out which one of them
whines more and which...
Is he the whiner
and she the grunter.
or is she the whiner
and he the grunter?
Either way. I'll bring it
up. we'll laugh about it
and I'll tell them
to fucking stop it!
Oh my God. you just want to make
everyone feel uncomfortable.
I'm the one who
feels uncomfortable!
If the neighbors woke us up every
night at four in the morning by playing
music and I said something to them about
it. wouldn't that be perfectly reasonable?
It's the exact same thing. it's just even
more justified because it's fucking...
Don't say anything!
Please. just not tonight!
Are you sure this is new too?
Yes.
Well. it's nice.
It looks really good on you.
Well. you could tell
me that sometimes.
I just told you!
I can't believe you
forgot the wine!
I didn't forget the wine!
I'm riding this folding
bike like a complete idiot
and I can't text back
when I'm sitting on it!
Doc. do we have anything
decent to drink?
Well. there's nothing that would make
people like us tell them not to come. right?
Look. we have this. this thing.
Is it weird?
Yes. it's weird.
New Year's Eve. and we're going to
pop champagne with these people?
Okay. look. we'll open it in advance. so
when they arrive. it will be. you know.
flat and will just be
like sparkling wine.
Can't you see that it's not a
good time to have guests over?
What the fuck does that mean?
I just made this hole so
small. did you see that bitch?
Yes.
Do you have any idea how hard
I worked on this fucking thing?
It will be damn beautiful if you
just shut your fucking mouth.
You're making it very simple.
either you tell her not to come. or
I'll bring up your screaming.
moaning. and fucking noises.
What?
Was that an ultimatum?
Yeah. the choice is yours.
Sorry.
You want to bring
up the fucking?
Yeah.
Do you even understand how hard it is for
a woman to have an orgasm that strong?
Yes. I'm aware. because
you've mentioned it
a hundred times in the
last three minutes.
I don't think you get it.
I don't think you really
understand how hard it is.
And if we say something.
you know what will happen?
Every time they make love and she
climaxes. she'll see our stupid faces.
That's not fair!
I couldn't give a damn about this
woman's orgasm. for fuck's sake!
I just wanted to
have a nice evening.
I just wanted to have a nice. normal
fucking evening and you all let me.
These people don't respect us!
They know we hear them!
Don't you see it?
What are you talking about?
You sound like your father.
No. that's not
what this is about.
They know we hear them.
And they enjoy it immensely!
They're making fun of us!
They're perverts!
They don't think
about us at all!
Well. maybe that's the problem.
Maybe they should
think about us.
What?
Oh. you know what?
We're not fucking canceling it.
You know why?
We have no friends.
We don't have any
friends with them?
Are you kidding me?
And it's not my fault. either.
that we don't have any friends.
I would love to have friends.
People like me.
Why do you think we
don't have friends?
Hi!
Hi. come on in.
Nice to see you.
Yes. we are so
happy you're here.
Oh. us too.
Hi. Angela.
Me too.
Yes.
Joe. do you remember
Peanut Hawk?
Still good?
Yes.
Yeah.
Are you sure we're
not interrupting?
No. it's fine. totally fine.
That's good for you.
Yes.
Great for us.
Yeah. we love. yeah.
It took you quite a while to get to the
door and it sounded like you were arguing.
No filter.
No. I just want to be honest.
We were standing at the door before we rang
the bell and we could hear you arguing.
Oh. we were just
talking. we were. um...
We were arguing.
In a confrontational environment. and
here's what I understand. if it's for you
repulsive. no hard feelings.
you know what I mean?
I totally understand. you know?
We love a confrontational
environment.
We love it.
Wow.
Seriously. seriously.
That's fine.
Then you won the
lottery. my friend.
You have a lot to
look forward to.
All right. okay.
Yeah. great.
Do we need to take
off our shoes?
Oh God. no. no. no.
No?
Yeah.
Great.
Joe.
Yeah. thanks.
Joe. be honest.
Do you want us to take them off?
I don't give a flying fuck
whether you take those shoes off.
Hawk. right?
Hawk. yeah.
Like the bird?
Yeah. like the bird.
We really wanted to
see your apartment.
Oh. my God. I'm so sorry.
We wanted to invite you.
It wasn't quite ready before.
It wasn't quite ready.
if you ask me. but...
Yeah. because you mentioned it in the
elevator. but then you didn't reach out.
Yes.
We were. uh...
I mean. we were wondering
if we did something wrong.
No. God. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
I'm sorry about that. no.
What do you. what do
you think about it?
It's huge.
Much bigger than that one.
And it has such a nice flow.
Do you two have money?
That. that is not a question.
No. you said no
growing or asking.
This. beautiful.
Yes. yes.
I'm just saying you really. really
have a couple of beautiful pieces.
Well. I know what I like. but
actually not all of it is expensive.
Some of it. most of it is not.
I guess what I meant by that was
that you can see it was done with
great care and that you
have a really great eye.
That's true.
I feel it.
I feel that you put
so much love into it.
I did.
Thank you.
Yeah.
I. I love it.
I really love it.
I really care about it.
Really.
Thank you for saying that.
I see it.
I care about it.
I really care about it a lot.
I'm touched.
I don't know why. but thank you.
Thank you for saying that.
The energy is exactly
what I was going for.
That's what I wanted.
The energy is great.
We've talked a lot about
how to capture energy.
as if it were a real
thing we can do.
Kinetic. chemical.
potential. nuclear. sexual.
You can't really create or destroy
it. but you can find ways to shape it.
You've shaped it really
beautifully here.
I like the shape.
Thank you.
Too existential for you. Joe?
No. hey. not existential
enough for me.
Let's go deep.
What is life?
Oh. that's my Spanish flan.
No!
Oh my God. flan!
Oh. how elegant!
I'm warning you. once you try Piña's
flan. there's no turning back.
You'll be at our door
late at night like
a junkie under a
bridge. needing a fix.
Like. um. heroin.
Maybe you should put
it in the fridge.
Yes.
Yeah.
Come on.
You should put it in the fridge.
Is it flan or flan?
Flan.
I thought it was flan.
Oops.
Oh.
Don't forget...
I'm so sorry.
I literally haven't offered
you anything to drink yet.
We have beautiful sparkling...
Or maybe you prefer wine?
Wine is better.
Wine.
Do we have wine?
We have wine.
We've been waiting
for the right moment.
Are you sure it's the one?
Yes.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Great.
Finally.
Here it is.
1982.
Chateau Brion.
Do you want to save
it for another time?
No.
For what other time?
Right now.
Are you kidding?
Yeah.
Do you want to open it?
Hell yeah.
It's not there.
No. it was never there.
No.
It was literally never there.
Do you want me to find it?
It's not there.
No. because I would
never put it there.
It doesn't belong there.
It was never there.
Do you want me to do it?
Sorry. we don't have
guests very often.
Give me a beer. Jack.
I got it.
Look at that.
Wow!
There's a bit of cork.
That's quite confident. Joe.
Thank you.
I knew I'd get to it.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Yes.
Great.
Cheers.
Joe. thank your uncle.
He is. um. he is dead.
so... maybe next time.
Oh. how is your daughter?
Maggie.
She is so cool.
I love her style.
Right?
She is amazing.
Yeah. she's great.
I'm really going to miss her.
Where is she going?
To college.
In six years?
Is she 12 years old?
I know. I just... I'm going to miss
her and I'll be all alone here.
And what about me?
Where am I supposed to go?
I'm just saying it
will be different.
No. I don't know.
It won't be the same.
It won't be like it was before.
I'm sorry.
I feel like I'm being
hypersensitive again.
It's just that I...
Cry.
Yeah.
You know. it's the best way to
flush out the stress hormone. right?
Yes. cortisol.
Oh. well. I have a lot of that.
That's exactly how I do it.
There's nothing better in the
world than being a mom. you know.
For some.
But not for everyone.
because it's not your
path. but you. you no.
I mean that we're talking
about it. thinking
about it. that yeah. it wasn't a
priority. yeah. I don't know. maybe
that's great. we should probably
decide sooner rather than later.
if you're going to have what
don't just do it by age.
Who is that?
Picasso had a kid.
This morning.
Signed things.
Signed?
Just sort of
traditionally. you know.
The woman is... I didn't
want to talk about it.
Actually. I have something.
Do you know what
time he marches?
I don't know if you've seen it yet. but
this is just a little something. a gesture.
to remind you of home.
It's just a little.
um... come on.
Oh. that is so nice and
I love how you say it.
Can you say it again?
Come on.
Oh my God. that's so sweet.
I'll eat you.
I can't.
I don't eat meat.
No.
He eats.
I eat.
Yeah.
A pure carnivore.
Cheese?
We have plenty of cheese.
No.
I mean. for me no. no cheese.
Oh. you don't eat cheese.
No.
Inflammation.
Oh. right.
Yeah.
Oh. the crackers.
I don't know.
For me neither.
No gluten. no dairy.
no meat. no sugar.
We want almonds.
we want almonds.
Well. you really missed
the mark with that meat.
Meat fail. meat failure.
That's fine.
I'll eat the peanut meat.
All your beautiful
meat will be eaten.
I'm hungry as a wolf.
It's totally. look. it's great.
Thank you.
Is there a bathroom
I could use first?
Yes. oh. this. that.
Yeah. thank you.
That's nice.
Great.
Just. you know... What
do you want to eat?
Whatever you want.
I can get it.
I can order it.
I can be here so fast.
Five minutes.
They'll come by bike.
Anything.
Whatever cuisine you like.
What do you like?
She's funny.
I don't want anything.
Yeah. it's good.
But I don't understand how you
put it all together so quickly.
I mean. we only planned
this this morning.
It's like magic.
This morning?
Really?
I think you two figured
it out yesterday morning.
Just this morning?
This morning.
Not yesterday.
Last morning.
This morning?
That's not a set phrase.
This morning.
Not yesterday.
Days.
You know how they are.
It all kind of blurs together.
Yeah.
This morning.
You know.
Are you cold?
I'm fine.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Am I okay?
I don't know.
Are you choking?
I'm fine.
Are you choking right now?
No.
I'm a little... Is
this even happening?
It could be the start
of perimenopause.
What?
Perimenopause.
It's such a difficult
and terrible period.
Fuck.
And it lasts more
than ten years.
Oh my God.
Great.
I'm so annoyed that
so many people today
still only talk about hot
flashes as the only problem.
I know.
I mean. it's a serious. huge neuroendocrine
change that affects everything.
Memory. cardiovascular
health. metabolism.
And we're just supposed
to deal with it.
Just deal with the depression.
anxiety. brain fog. insomnia.
Mood swings?
Is that one of them?
Yeah. yeah.
Bitterness towards
a husband or wife.
Overpaying for household
supplies and cheese.
Excess of cold cuts.
I knew you were going
to make fun of it.
Let me explain it to
you in a different way.
Okay.
What if your testicles shriveled
up and died. and your empty scrotum
flapped in the wind
for the next 30 years?
How would you like that?
You will.
No.
So don't make fun of it.
Okay.
I understand.
I won't.
I get it.
I apologize.
Are you a doctor or something?
I'm a psychotherapist.
Oh.
And a sexologist.
A sexologist?
And I also take care of women.
I take care of women.
This is the music studio.
That's going to be bad.
Are you the pianist?
No one actually
plays it anymore.
It's so nice.
No.
Joe was in a band.
Really?
We know you. we just don't
know that we know you.
No. definitely not.
Yes. I'm sure. yeah.
Maybe.
Do you remember The Onslaught?
Yeah. The Onslaught.
They had one song. One Girl.
It was very famous.
One Girl. yeah.
It was really big in 2008.
Yeah. for one week.
In 2008.
When you were a girl?
I was.
I still am.
Technically I still am.
I was that girl.
Oh. that's quite amusing.
Well. it's kind of
pop. punk. indie. raw.
It's. it's not.
it's a dead genre.
Do you listen to it?
No.
But I mean. you know. can we.
can you find it on Spotify?
No.
Do you ever play live?
We could come and see you.
Yeah. unfortunately that window
missed him by a few decades.
Joking aside. he actually
teaches music now.
Yeah.
Where?
East Bay.
Like Berkeley?
No. East Bay Music.
It's a small conservatory.
It's an amazing school.
It's fine.
It's a decent school.
Are you a music professor?
Adjunct professor.
Wow. that's really cool.
Yeah. it's fine.
Excuse me. one moment.
Moment.
What's happening here?
It's a rug.
Where did you get it?
He's obsessed with rugs.
Oh. me too.
I love rugs.
Joe not so much anymore.
He prefers credenzas. wall
lamps. things of that type.
Oh. I see.
Holy shit. I think it's Hermès.
No.
And it is... Where
did you get this?
At a flea market.
At a flea market?
Yes.
No. you didn't.
I did.
I just liked the colors.
Really?
Well. you found a Van
Gogh at a garage sale.
I did.
But this is a rug.
Yeah. it's a rug.
No. it's not.
It's a harise.
Harise?
A rug.
Hmm.
You didn't spend
a fortune on it?
I didn't.
Swear?
It's a rug.
Wow.
You have a gift.
I mean... I don't think
this is part of the scene.
So many stories.
It's really. really such an
incredible. incredible vibe.
Good energy.
Wow.
Really good energy.
Yeah.
He furnished our
whole apartment.
It's so beautiful.
You must stop by.
And we mean it.
Unlike you. Jim.
Are you an interior
designer or something?
What?
Oh. thank you.
No.
He's a designer.
He's a firefighter.
A firefighter. we call it.
You're a firefighter.
I was.
You were?
You're not a firefighter.
You weren't a firefighter.
Yeah. I was.
Fire captain.
You were a fire captain.
Captain Hawk?
Captain Hawk.
No. you weren't.
You're not Captain Hawk.
That's bullshit.
Why?
You don't look
like a firefighter.
What does a
firefighter look like?
They're more muscular.
They have mustaches.
He is muscular.
Strong.
More strong.
Really strong.
He's strong enough.
More strong.
So strong.
I don't know if he's
a strong firefighter.
At the beginning I was
stronger. but I was. you know...
I got into a tight spot and
just decided I'd had enough
and kind of traded the hose
for a command position.
And then... Thank God.
So I retired.
And I just started pursuing my
other interests and new adventures.
Now he's studying roofing.
Roofing.
Wonderful.
The adventure of roofing.
No. sorry.
Rolfing.
That's what I'm saying.
Say it again.
No.
Para.
Just say it.
So you're a massage
therapist now.
That's cool.
Are you going to work
at the Four Seasons?
No.
Rolfing is. it's a
much deeper method.
It's demanding for both sides.
really. but yeah. it's healing.
I'm almost certified.
Don't you want to
lie on my table. Joe?
Not in a million years.
I really love you. Joe.
What do you love about me. Huck?
I like how honest you
are about what you feel.
In pursuit of honesty.
Who wants a tour
of the apartment?
Would you like to see more?
There's so much more here.
I do.
Great.
Yeah.
Actually. I'm going
to have a joint.
I've already seen it here.
What the hell. Joe?
No.
Can I go with you?
Really?
Yeah. can I?
Sure. definitely.
Are you going to...
I thought you just...
Isn't it?
It's fine. right?
If you don't have
a problem with it.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
It's fine. right?
It's fine.
Yeah.
Eh. don't you want
to open a window?
Because. you know...
Yeah. sure.
Great.
There's a lot of stuff here.
What do you have
here besides this?
That's what you saw.
You spend a lot of time here.
I do. it's noticeable.
Did you just put that on?
Yeah. it's a bit of a mess here.
I'm usually here alone.
There you go.
Chaos.
The greatest sign of creativity.
Really?
Okay.
Great.
It means you're focusing
on more important things.
Well. you know. that's how
I like to think about it.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure if
Angela would agree with that.
Actually. I did all this
grouting myself. which I enjoy.
I find it meditative.
Joe thinks I'm crazy.
And then the floor. I mean. I'm sure this
is something you guys might have. no.
No.
Original ceramic penny tiles.
Wow.
Anyway. it was sort of similar to what we
were doing before. but that was kind of
what I was going for
with the whole theme.
renovation without
changing. in which I think I
succeeded. you know. just keeping
it original. but with a new surface.
I have to admit I know much less
about tiles than I learned about rugs.
And a lot of the bathrooms
I saw were on fire.
So my relationship
with them was fleeting.
But Ida was just saying that this is
a perfectly preserved vintage piece.
Wow.
That's exactly what
I was going for.
That's... You guys fooled me.
Wow.
Oh. Facebook Marketplace.
But come on.
That jamón is not jamón.
This is not jamón.
No. it's really more
like prosciutto.
It's prosciutto.
It doesn't look like jamón.
It looks like prosciutto.
But I didn't want
to say anything.
No. yeah.
Don't do it.
If you told her it's not
jamón. she'd commit suicide.
She can't handle it.
She wouldn't be
able to handle it.
More?
Are you okay?
I don't want any
more. because then...
When I have more than one
hit. I start counting objects.
And I can't stop and
imagine what I would be.
I've never heard of that.
We'd lose you for the
rest of your life.
What is this?
That's for a xylophone.
Exactly.
You figured it out.
It's intuitive in the end.
There's only one like
that. if you don't mind.
I figured it out.
This is actually. um...
The two apartments were
connected together here.
And you can notice that
it's a little thicker here
there. that there used
to be a partition.
A wall.
That's called a wall.
The technical term is a wall.
We were literally
just that much. so.
Yeah. sure. because
you guys... Yeah.
Yeah.
You are so lucky.
Well. so this is Maggie's room and
I actually did the exact same thing.
which is probably a bit
old-fashioned for her.
I'll probably have to change
it. but I think... it's cute.
Yeah.
There's a rug here.
Wow.
Oh my god. that is so good.
Is it like Larry Sultan?
Oh. no.
No. no. no.
That's me.
Did you take that photo?
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
Do you make a living
as a photographer?
No.
No. I studied art school a million
years ago and got a degree that I
literally nothing with
and that's from that.
I think your creativity
is everywhere
in this apartment. I think
you're really talented.
Thank you.
And what about this?
Oh no. not that. because
that's the bedroom. which is.
What's going on here?
Yeah no. I know. I know. I know.
that's not part of the tour.
It's quite an important room.
Yeah. yeah.
Yes. he's a firefighter.
Really?
A firefighter?
How long have you been with him?
One year. a little
less than a year.
One year. is that all?
Wow.
How about something longer?
I was married before.
Really?
Yeah.
Interesting.
How did you meet
the firefighter?
He was my patient.
He was your patient?
And then you started dating him?
Pino!
Wow.
He grew up here.
Yeah. he was
conceived right here.
On this bed?
No. no. on a different bed.
Well. that's good.
On a different mattress.
Like. parental fluidity.
I mean. he hates it
when people know that.
Why?
Because. I mean. we can't
afford this apartment.
There is no shame in that.
After all. in America. no one
can afford anything at all.
Yeah. but he just. he really...
It's a big... That's crazy.
Yeah. it's not.
It's such a gift.
I mean. just... Well.
that's what I think.
Take the positive
out of it. you know?
Yeah.
Just be grateful and accept it.
Make it your own. you know?
There is so much. so
much pleasure in it.
Yeah.
Can I ask you something?
Sure.
I just have. I have a
decision I need to make and
I feel like you could
help me with it.
Well. if I can. then yes.
Wait. did you leave
your husband for Hawk?
Did that happen?
No. I didn't.
And the relationship
was over when I met him.
How did you know it was over?
Because we stopped having sex. then we
stopped talking. then we were strangers.
People forget that
they deserve more.
You know. they start
living in delusions.
Problems.
Problems. yeah.
Yeah. and I can't
live like that.
I'd rather die.
I think you really just
have to listen to where your
heart is sort of pulling you.
what vision of yourself you have.
You know. I mean. if
you see yourself walking
alone on a cold beach
with the wind in your
face and the clarity of
that. or sitting on a
southern porch holding
hands and growing old.
Or sitting in a Copenhagen
cafe with a stranger.
I would go to that
Copenhagen one.
I feel the same way.
For some reason. I knew
you would feel that way.
Now that we're looking at
it here. it seems so clear.
You are absolutely right.
It was right in front
of us the whole time.
God. thank you.
But I was doing
it. I really was.
I needed you.
No. you don't understand.
It's been like this for months.
I was being tortured.
You knew it.
You just needed someone to tell
you what you already knew long ago.
Yeah.
Joe just...
He thinks they
all look the same.
Is he colorblind?
Man. that guy is hot.
There are worse birds.
At the end of the day.
there's no doubt about it.
Of all the birds. of all the
birds. he's a pretty cool guy.
What's your name?
My name is Pigeon.
I'm Pigeon.
No. I...
Please. this is not torture.
I can't laugh at his name.
I'm sorry.
Out there. I... This
is my friend. Pelican.
And I went back and the dog was
where they said it would be.
Oh my god.
Oh. no.
I breathed in a lot of smoke
and burned my lungs and throat.
Wow.
Yeah.
But you know what?
Life has been so
diverse since then.
I actually can't believe I
was doing that for so long.
And now. rugs.
Rugs.
I love them so much.
All of them.
I want all the rugs.
All the rugs.
Yeah.
Do you have...
Do you have tequila?
I have tequila.
Would you like some?
Yes. please.
Okay. yeah.
I mean. there's a certain kind of joy in
it when you can get this close. right?
Yeah.
I'm just going to pop to the
bathroom. I'll be right back.
But they are beautiful.
Thanks.
They're silly.
They're old.
They are beautiful.
They're interesting.
Yeah.
Thanks. I appreciate it.
I have this one.
Wow.
That's something.
I have this one.
Sorry.
I meant to say.
Just relax.
Two in one.
Yeah.
What is that?
They are two birds.
Pina and Hawk.
Look at that.
That's nice.
I like it.
So when did you get them?
When you were in that band?
Yeah. I was.
Pretty old.
A long time ago.
I.
That is. um... Yeah.
You know. you guys
should replace this.
It's really dangerous.
This single-pane glass. it
shatters even with a little heat.
Oh. that's not going to happen.
This apartment is very cold.
There isn't much heat here.
You never know.
Tequila.
Yes. Tequila.
Can you do something for me?
Yeah.
Please. say something.
Just one.
I love music.
I should check on Angela.
To make sure she hasn't
forgotten how to breathe.
Do you know what I mean?
Have you met the
new neighbors yet?
Yeah.
They're actually pretty cool.
They don't make any small
talk at all in the elevator.
I like that.
Yeah. really?
I bet they do.
That's shocking.
Don't play that music!
Yeah. I'm playing it. uh. yeah. what.
uh. what kind of music do you like. Hawk?
What. what is Sade?
What is Sade?
She loves Sade.
No. Sade is not jazz.
Are you kidding me?
It's like. uh... Listen to.
uh. Metallica and Judy Greece.
You don't know any jazz at all?
No. jazz. I really
want to learn jazz.
Yeah.
Where should I.
where should I start?
Miles Davis. John
Coltrane. Dizzy Gillespie.
Miles. the one with
the puffy cheeks?
You actually. I feel like at this point
in your life you need to try harder to
avoid Look. literally look
at what I just pulled out.
No. no. no.
Oh. you have to play.
Play.
Can we play?
Let's play.
What girl?
Play. play.
Come on. this is your
love story. after all.
No. no. no. no.
Just one game.
Play it.
Come on.
Don't play it.
Just give us a taste.
We have an artist here
and we have a girl.
No.
Hey. sorry.
I apologize.
You know what. um. we
actually shouldn't be
listening to music right
now because there is
something I wanted
to talk to you about.
Oh my god.
You have to try this.
Wow.
Isn't it good?
Oh my god.
That is incredible.
I can't be objective.
but my flan is excellent.
No. it's incredible.
It's like a silky drug.
It's so good.
It melts on your tongue.
Yeah. it's so excellent.
Anyway. I wanted to say.
Oh my god.
It only really settles on the second
bite. it just slides down your throat.
Oh my god. it has sauce.
There is sauce in it.
I have to talk to you about it.
Shall we have shots?
I think we should toast.
Sure.
Yes. I think shots for everyone.
Thank you.
Yeah. anyway. the noise
was the thing that I think
we all wanted to talk about.
And we want to apologize for it. because
it was loud and it lasted longer.
It lasted longer than we
expected. and you were so kind.
And we just wanted to
say thanks and sorry.
You are so sweet.
Yes. I mean. listen. we are all
neighbors and. uh. really... Cheers.
Gracias.
We are just so glad you invited us. and we
are grateful. and actually. we also have
something we wanted
to talk to you about.
You want to talk to us. too?
That is a funny coincidence.
About what?
No. no. it's nothing bad.
Nothing bad.
I think Joe has
something on his mind.
No. why don't you start?
No. no. no.
You two have something.
No. no. he has to let us pay.
You guys should go.
No. but they told me to just go.
Say it. say it.
No. you first!
You are the guests.
And you should go first.
You go. and we'll
go right after you.
That's better.
Okay. well. um. we
wanted to apologize.
Yes?
To us?
Yeah.
Yeah. for what?
We feel like we might
have bothered you.
Bothered us?
Actually on more
than one occasion.
When?
What?
You?
Quite a lot. yeah.
Yeah. I think. yeah.
Even for the fire department.
Firefighter.
We know we were too loud.
And it was annoying.
And we apologize.
And we will be more considerate.
Neighbors.
Oh my god. not at all.
Honestly. we didn't
hear anything.
We really didn't hear anything.
It hasn't even been a month.
Right. Joe?
We didn't hear anything.
Right?
No.
Well. we actually didn't hear anything.
so you don't need to apologize.
I sleep like a log. you know.
Like a log.
Yeah.
Joe.
What?
What log?
Great. great.
Joe.
What?
Don't lie.
I'm not lying.
Joe. you've been telling
the truth all night.
I love it when you
tell the truth.
I love it.
Great.
Tell the truth.
I'm telling the truth.
You're not telling the truth.
What?
I don't mind at all.
At all.
Look. I don't want to burst your
bubble. maybe your sex isn't
as explosive as you think.
it's because I'm older.
It's not.
No. it's not.
No. you don't.
It's hidden.
Where?
In our media.
What is media?
It's a ring. guys.
It doesn't make it.
That's news.
When did that come out?
Show him.
Do you want to see it?
I don't need to see it.
It sends another reading via
the app to our phone and.
uh. you know. it marks it if it's
broadcasting this aggression.
So it's scary at
first. but look.
Uh. over there.
Here it comes.
Maybe it's a grainy shot and
you think it's me. but it's not.
You understand?
This is me.
I'm sorry. Joe.
Why?
He almost left. but.
uh... You can turn it off.
I can't.
I can't do it.
No one does it.
You were so polite to
stop to even listen.
What are you doing?
Then. uh... Oh my god!
Joe!
That package is in...
Oh my god!
A broken arm?
Joe!
Just turn it off!
Turn it off... Hey. seriously?
You know what?
Yes. yes. I was banging
on your door because you
people in there are fucking
making noise like monsters.
What are you doing?
What are you trying to prove?
Are you trying to win
some contest or what?
It's incredibly inconsiderate.
What are you doing?
Don't say that.
Don't talk to them like that.
Why are you banging on him?
Our daughter can hear it.
Did you know that?
She can hear it.
And I can tell you're
moving furniture up there.
And she knows that's not true.
She saw through me.
We've spent so much time and energy
dealing with your fucking orgasms.
It's ridiculous.
You mean you've been
dealing with my orgasms?
Yes. but not in a bad way.
They're not bad.
They're great.
I love them.
You love my orgasms?
Yes.
I love them.
He really loves them.
Yes.
I love them.
I think they're great.
They're amazing.
She especially
likes the growling.
Are you the growling. Pino?
Because she loves the growling.
No. no.
No. Pino doesn't growl.
Oh. you're...
You're the one who growls.
No.
Uh... It's Vanessa.
Vanessa is the one who growls.
Vanessa?
Vanessa...
Wait. who is Vanessa?
A friend.
Oh. right.
Kai is a pretty big guy and
he breathes really heavily.
That could be what you
call animal sounds.
Kai.
Kai is... Who is Kai?
Another friend.
Oh. Kai is another friend.
Vanessa and Kai.
Vanessa lives in
Nevada City with Kai.
Are you shitting us?
Is this a joke?
Are you kidding us?
Is this what you were
whispering about in Spanish?
No. we know you're angry and
you have every right to be.
We had a few parties.
Things got a little out of hand.
It got out of control.
Parties.
Like. fucking parties.
Sorry.
What are you talking about?
Parties.
Sex parties.
Oh. sex parties.
Right. that's like... Parties
where people... Have sex.
Have sex together.
Sex.
I think that's generally
understood... Yeah.
Definition.
I can't think of...
Honestly. I can't
think of anything else.
And we'll leave.
I apologize.
No. what?
No. you don't have to... That's
not... No. we... We're not judging.
That's... You don't have
to... Joe. where is that J?
That J?
That J you were... That J?
Do you live downstairs too?
It's at my place.
Why don't you come feed him?
I was right. this
wasn't normal sex.
You knew.
Hi.
Are we okay?
Yeah.
Sex parties.
Yeah. the sex parties.
Seriously?
Describe it.
Say what you want.
The increase in noise
was probably caused by
the fact that once we
started inviting people.
it mainly moved to
the living room.
Overflow.
I get it.
That's why the sound kind of
echoes through the whole apartment.
Is it happening
right on the floor?
No.
Furniture.
Carpets.
That's why you're
sewing a carpet.
You love carpets.
I love carpets.
No. honestly. this beauty
would be quite uncomfortable.
Yeah. you'd have to hire a
bunch of people. I suppose.
Okay. wait. a little more.
So. how does it work?
Like. how does one
invite themselves there?
Or do you invite people?
And are there. maybe
there are no rules there.
Are there rules?
And can anyone do
anything to anyone?
No. for starters you have
to have consent. obviously.
It has to be about joy.
about expanding horizons.
It must never be about
anger. never about revenge.
And patience.
Patience.
Because. you know. some people
have to find their own entry point.
Entry point.
How do you start?
Yeah.
Like. take us back.
What does the first day of
something like that look like?
I've always been curious
about both sexes.
For me. the pleasure I get from
being with a woman is different.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Sure.
And then. you and
Valerie. Vanessa. were you
friends. or did you
meet through the app?
We're pretty skeptical of apps.
Really?
Wow.
Interesting.
Like right. like left.
It's horribly impersonal.
Yeah. it's impersonal.
You don't want to
make a game out of it.
We meet people in person.
usually. face-to-face. naturally.
a real connection.
There are conventions.
Oh yes. that's good. because one must.
you need rules. you need some boundaries.
No. no. I mean there
are actual conventions.
Wow!
We have a sandwich!
Yes!
Wow!
Conventions are
very interesting.
They also offer you a menu.
Oh. a menu?
A menu.
Things you enjoy.
That's good.
I like that it's organized.
I like menus.
You really love menus.
That's nice.
You like organization.
That's great.
So when you get involved with someone.
you already know what they want.
they've already sent their
preferences in advance.
Oh!
It's like Below Deck.
Yeah. it's like
those preferences.
Below Deck.
Yeah.
No.
You're just speaking
our language.
We get it.
Now we get it.
I think maybe the best
thing about group sex
is that it forces absolute
clarity in communication.
Not the best. that's
not what I'm imagining.
Sex is probably better. yeah.
But the fucking is probably... What
happens when no one chooses you?
It's like in gym class.
They choose you in class.
You get jerked off and you're
somewhere in a corner or something.
You're like. that would be me.
No.
You would be chosen.
Oh. thank you.
Yeah. how does that work?
No. no. no one is excluded.
You know. I mean that of
course anyone can watch.
You're not jealous.
you're not jealous.
Jealousy doesn't exist.
I think jealousy is a natural animal
instinct. but you have to replace it.
We practice compersion.
Compersion.
Compersion is all about finding
joy in the joy of others.
Wow.
That would be hard.
And for me. there is
nothing better than
watching my partner in
the hands of someone else.
Wow.
Beautiful.
Super nice.
Wow.
So healthy.
Very.
Yes.
I feel healthy just seeing that.
You know. I love this.
I love that it's you
and your friends.
It's like the four of you have come
together in such a good number.
Yes.
Wow.
Sometimes.
Not six anymore?
Six people?
Six is a lot.
That's why there's so
much noise up there.
Last weekend we went bigger.
That doesn't count because
it was a special occasion.
It was Vanessa's birthday.
Wow.
Well. a birthday is a birthday.
Yeah. one has to celebrate the
good things in life. right?
Yeah. and she wanted ten
people there. so ten.
Ten people?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Damn.
Oh my god.
Ten?
We rented a house in Belize.
Oh. nice.
Really nice.
That's very nice. yes.
Yeah. we were so energized.
You know. we feel super human.
Honestly. it was amazing.
For me. it wasn't the best.
It was the best
experience we've ever had.
It really was.
Oh my god.
Vanessa must be great.
She's just. I imagine her as
such a ball of youthful energy.
She's just young.
She's old.
No. I wouldn't say that.
She's terribly old.
I don't know.
Yeah. older...
Next time you're
there. count the rings.
She's the most experienced
person in that class.
Old but good.
I've learned so much
from that woman.
She knows everything about
the depth of tantric sex.
Wow.
That you don't finish.
Like a stinging sensation.
She forced me to
hold on to my chi.
Wow.
She pushed us to the anal.
She pushed you to the anal?
To the anal.
It's not for everyone. but... I
hope she pushed you into it gently.
We managed it.
Yeah. who wouldn't like it?
Who doesn't like you?
Holidays. weekends. vacations.
But I love television.
Wow.
And I don't want to speak for him.
but he loves it when he receives me.
Wow.
Actually. really yeah.
It gives me a lot.
Peggy. that podcast. that's
what it's about. right?
You wear... A strap-on.
A strap-on.
Wow.
Super.
Vanessa likes to
take us in hand.
Wow.
But it's not really
about penetration.
I mean. it's way better than...
Yeah. you just have
to surrender the body.
Yeah. surrender the body.
Sex isn't a thing you do.
It's a place you go.
It's the Hawksbottom place.
And that menu is great because anyone
who has a fantasy can just order it.
That menu is amazing.
You have bondage there. you have
roleplay there. you have... DP.
D.P.
D.P.?
Double Penetration.
Right?
That's what I assume.
It's not... It's on the menu.
I don't do that.
No.
We don't...
We...
Pornographic clichés aren't really
our thing. but it's on the menu.
I don't want to be a cliché.
It's on the menu.
Yeah. I mean...
I'm just saying.
I don't have to judge it.
It's something that some
people might have there.
I'm just saying.
Double Penetration?
Double Penetration.
You were listing
other things too.
Look. you're a firefighter who
gets pegged. so... Firefighter.
Firefighter.
He loves it when he's fed.
So. good point.
Yes.
Honestly. I didn't imagine
this progression like this.
And honestly. I feel
like I understand much
better now what the hell
is going on up there
up there. and it makes me feel better
because it's not. you know. that kind of
ordinary marital sex. I'd say.
It's something special
happening above our heads.
And thank you for telling us. and I
think in the end. you know. maybe just
try to be a little quieter when you have
another big birthday or holiday. Tree Day.
maybe go to Bowling Ness again. we
want to fit in and be your family.
Thank you for being so understanding
and accepting and so warm.
We accept. we accept.
You are all my new friends.
Thank you.
Oh my god.
That's very nice.
I love this.
It's so beautiful.
I know we haven't spent
much time together. but
you two... I thought it
was cool and progressive.
We are. yeah.
I mean that I'm independent.
I don't like being a
superficial person.
No. we're more into
aerial penetration.
No. I don't think
they are like that.
Not at all. yeah.
Exactly.
You two. when you stopped
arguing. you were actually funny.
We are.
Pretty cool.
I knew it at the worst point.
so I was... I wasn't sure.
The fact that we can see each
other. now I... I don't know.
I really appreciate it.
How do you know she
was so cool with it?
What?
Because I am cool with it.
Yeah. sure. of course.
Look at this. look at
this. look at this.
It's the thing with the window.
Sheena knows I'm cool with it.
What?
The thing with the window?
I don't know.
What thing with the window?
No.
What thing with the window
are you talking about?
Angela likes to
show herself naked.
Sometimes in the window.
Have you seen my wife naked?
No. not in person.
Not in person.
She just likes walking
past that window.
Past the window.
It's a little...
What is he talking
about. Angela?
Nothing.
What is he talking about?
I think nothing.
Tell me what he's talking about.
Maybe it happened
by accident once.
I don't know... this is... I mean to
say it happened more times. but...
It's rumored that it was
more times than once.
Why do I feel like everyone here
knows something I have no idea about?
Can we finally spit it out and explain
what the hell is going on. please?
Do you want me to
explain it to you?
I would love that.
I'll explain it to you.
Please. do it.
The first time I was coming
out of the shower. I was
naked and I was going
to the living room.
Why?
And I looked up. he saw me and I saw him
looking at me. and then I kept going.
That's exactly how it was.
Can you shut the
fuck up. Parker?
And since then. when I
come out of the shower.
I walk past and I know
he might be watching.
Exactly.
Some twisted ritual
you share or what?
Yes. it is.
Actually. yes.
It's a little ritual that I honestly
enjoy because it makes me feel good.
Because I like it when
someone watches me naked. Joe.
Is that okay?
Is there a problem with that?
No. that is not okay.
Why should that be okay. like?
It's not.
I look into his eyes.
I've never looked
anyone in the eyes.
No. not even once.
What the fuck?
What does that have
to do with anything?
That is extremely important.
It's not!
I don't care about it at all!
Do you care at all?
You barely look at me.
I don't understand at
all why you're angry.
So this is somehow my fault.
That fucking box!
I put signs on the windows so the
firefighter could see your fucking tits!
This is fucked up. Angela!
No. it's not fucked up.
It's not.
How the hell is
this not fucked up?
Please. enlighten me how
this is not fucked up.
I think what she's
doing is great.
It's actually very useful.
For whom?
And for us. women. do
you know how many women
give up their erotic
aspirations for good?
Do you know how hard it is.
what she's doing. that she's
trying to connect with
the part she lost?
Good for you.
Thank you.
Bravo.
Great job.
Thank you. Joe.
It's important.
You got a fucking Pulitzer
Prize for this shit.
It's important.
Yeah?
Yes.
What do we all want. be honest?
To desire?
To be desirable?
Maybe that's why you look at my tits
in the elevator every time I see you.
Really?
Joe looks at your
tits in the elevator.
I'm so sorry. can I go?
Really. Joe?
Wow.
He thinks I don't
notice. but I do.
It's like our
little game. right?
Such a hypocrite to look at.
I don't. I don't. they
are out there sometimes.
Sorry. I don't mean to be rude.
Let me ask you something.
When you look at my breasts.
do they seem to you.
my breasts. do they seem
unattainable to you?
No. I think it's just
a small elevator.
I'm asking if you feel that
you deserve to desire them?
Not for a single fucking second
have I thought about that.
Do me a favor. please. look
at my breasts right now.
Look at them.
Look at them right now.
It's okay.
Don't be rude.
Look at them.
I don't want to look at them.
I don't want to.
Why are you all conspiring
against me. for God's sake?
Hey. I'm not a pervert like you.
I don't need to look at someone else's
white fucking tits and jerk off to it. okay?
I'm normal.
Who does that?
You do.
Who?
You.
When?
Obviously every morning.
What?
No.
I make love to Pina.
I tell her about Angela when
I see her. and she likes it.
It's our thing.
You talk about me
when you are...
Yes. my love.
Of course we do.
Really?
A lot.
Wow.
I see what's happening here now.
What?
This whole thing was recorded.
You planned this whole
fucking thing with me. Mel.
What the hell are
you talking about?
Fuck. the cheese. the
soufflé. and the meat.
You didn't tell me
they were coming.
You were trying to have a
threesome with these people.
You knew there were fucking other people
up there and you planned this whole thing.
This is fucking crazy.
even for you. Angela!
Fuck. Joe!
I'm just trying to have a nice evening
with a little fucking wine and cheese.
What are you talking about?
Do you all want to
fuck each other?
You planned this whole
thing behind my back?
Stop laughing at me!
Joe.
What?
What was happening?
No. then what?
No. of course not.
Did we even talk to
Angela about this?
Never.
Never?
No.
I mean. in a way that's why
we came down here. but...
Joe.
Angela. we really came
down tonight to invite you.
Invite us.
To join us.
Join you.
For sex.
Sex.
Us.
Both of us.
Including me?
Did you hear that. John?
I heard it. Angela.
Did you hear that?
I heard it. exactly.
Actually. we've been talking
about it for quite a while.
We feel a really
strong bond with you.
Sure.
We were getting signals from you. you
know. in the window. in the elevator.
They seemed like very warm signals.
signals we liked. so... Wow.
This is what it was about
the whole time. right?
That is so nice.
Thank you.
Say thank you. Joe.
Very flattering.
I feel very flattered.
We find you very.
very attractive.
I know.
We talk about you.
Seriously. we really do.
I think before we came
down. we were saying
that you two have such
a quiet sexual tension.
You two as well.
Just like that.
I would say it was quiet.
No.
So we want to suggest that we
share a sexual experience together.
Okay?
You. you. her. and me.
Yes.
Me too.
Yes. I say you.
Okay.
But it doesn't have
to be tonight. okay?
Okay.
No pressure. right?
But it definitely could be.
It could be tonight.
It's like before 9/11.
Wow.
Hypothetically speaking. like.
if this were something we would
consider continuing...
Yeah. how would it play out?
Just. what would be the
technical procedural protocol?
Procedural protocol?
Yeah.
Just so we know.
That's what we were
all... Just so we know.
Yeah.
Just so we could...
I mean. that's what
we were talking about.
Sure.
I'd just like to quickly recap. just
specifically. how would it work?
We can all be together.
We can watch you.
You know what I mean.
Let's swap partners.
Let's swap them.
Sometimes it helps to
add a neutral element.
Like a referee.
A little bit.
No. no.
No. Pepe.
No. Thomas.
I think I went too far.
No. Pepe.
No. Thomas.
Too far.
Yeah.
It's however we want.
Whenever you want.
Whenever.
Consider this an
open invitation.
Sure.
But today. again.
today is on the agenda.
Okay.
During the week it's
hard because of Maggie.
On the weekend?
Also hard.
Actually. I'm training
for a half-marathon.
Everyone is trying to
hear your Google Calendar.
You're overthinking it again.
Sorry.
At least I'm brave
enough to start planning.
I'm not up for it.
Do you mean that
I'm not up for it?
I'll do it.
I'll really do it.
I'll sleep with you right now.
I'll reschedule it right now.
I'm just joking.
I'm starting to get worried.
Why?
Yeah. because...
Even though I'm so horny
right now. I just...
We can't do it with
an angry expression.
I'm not angry.
Actually. I'm not angry.
This is me looking happy.
You just haven't seen it yet.
I don't think you
two are there yet.
No. we are there.
We are there.
I can't speak for him. but personally.
I am very well aware of it.
I am there.
I would really do it.
I would do it.
Would you really do it?
We'll do it.
I think we would do it.
Provided this connection doesn't
stem from a healthy foundation.
Very healthy.
Yes. we need to
broaden our horizons.
I don't fuck as often as I'd like to
fuck. and this is an opportunity to fuck.
That's a good reason.
Everyone is a bit fucked up.
I feel good. relaxed.
For good reasons.
Yeah. we didn't eat much.
We have completely
empty stomachs.
Yeah. Maggie is not home.
Sorry. I just meant to say that
it's a good time because we're free.
It's a good time for
us because we're free.
I'd say there's nothing
like a good horror.
Yeah. horror.
Horror.
Horror suits me.
I mean. horror.
Definitely horror.
Yeah.
I don't think this is the right
evening for us all to be together.
Right?
But we could try to
get closer separately.
Oh.
Yeah.
Good.
Sure.
So.
Yes.
How would you feel if we
spent some time alone?
I would also feel good with that as
an action plan. I'd be willing to
go through with it.
Angela.
Help yourself?
Yeah. I am.
Yes. that.
Yes.
Okay.
Oh come on. stop it.
Okay. yeah.
We'll be separated but still
together. so... I'm sure.
Any reservations?
Maybe I'd prefer not to have
pegging practiced on my body.
I don't understand that part.
Your bedroom?
No.
Not our bedroom.
No. no. no.
Maggie?
No. gross.
Maybe my study. we
could... Thank you.
You two could take...
It's too small. I feel like the
kitchen is... Maybe the kitchen.
Hey. make it happen.
Renovate it.
Make it work.
Great.
Enjoy it. everyone.
Thank you.
Yes.
See you soon.
I have a very good
feeling about all of this.
Great.
Very positive.
Me too.
Oh. hi.
Okay.
Great.
Joe.
Thank you.
I'm going to do that
damn somersault.
Raw egg.
I don't know.
I'll keep my shirt unripped and then just
really quickly do that damn somersault.
I can do it so fast.
No?
Better. right?
Hm?
Ah.
No. no.
Me.
Oh.
This is a good song.
Oh. sorry. sorry.
I'll be there. everything
that binds you to me.
Do you really look in the mirror
and not know how sexy you are?
No.
No?
You can't be that
detached from yourself.
Are you?
No. I'm a stupid bitch.
No. that's just my
internal monologue.
That's just how
I talk to myself.
That's the voice in my head.
No. no. it's good.
I'm fine.
Fuck.
Thank you so much for this.
It's nothing amazing.
Thank you for this.
Jesus Christ.
I wouldn't do that.
Oh. how do I...?
Um. I want that.
um. thing with...
A menu would be nice.
I think that. um... The
one with... You say it.
You say it.
Take this one.
Do you want me to do that thing
where Pina screams like that?
Yes.
Yeah.
All right. take
your clothes off.
I'll be there. by your side.
when you're sleeping at home.
With your pillow. when
you're sleeping at home.
I'll be there. by your side.
when you're sleeping at home.
Oh. that's just Joe's back.
That's Joe's back.
He's fine.
No. no. no.
No. he's doing well.
He's fine.
It's fine.
He's okay.
I mean. I really
think he's okay.
I think he is. yeah.
he sounds okay.
No. no. no.
No. I just need to
go to the bathroom.
Hey!
Are you okay?
¿Qué pasó?
Está caído.
He fell.
He's back.
What. what. what happened?
Oh yes. we're back.
Don't touch me.
Go away!
Get away from me!
Just leave me be!
Leave me be!
I need my pillows!
Fuck!
Don't touch me!
Just go away!
Go away!
Don't do anything to me!
Don't touch me!
Don't you dare touch me!
Don't do it. man!
Please. don't do it!
Whatever you want
to do. don't do it!
Oh my god. don't do it!
We are. we are so
fucking awkward.
I can't believe it.
Of course. your fucking
back is to blame.
Our whole life revolves
around your fucking back.
What are you talking about?
Sorry that my back is inconvenient
for your fucking orgy.
Actually. it is. if
you want to know.
And I'm not even allowed
to complain about it.
I'm not allowed to say a
fucking word about it. ever.
Well. you're talking about it
right now. so congratulations.
Oh. no.
This is bad.
Yeah. it's bad.
Look at me.
You know what?
Your back pain is
not about your back.
I think it's actually a lot about
my back. because it's my back pain.
L4L5. the fucking classic. your back pain
is about everything you're not saying.
you know. it's your fury. it's
your anger. that's speaking.
Hey. what are you talking about?
Why are you doing this?
30 seconds ago we were
dancing to Shantay.
It didn't hurt you then
when we were dancing.
We were having a good time.
I was relaxed.
What the fuck are you
smiling at. dammit?
I feel you. man.
You feel me?
Don't try to connect
with me. Hope.
Don't try to connect with me.
I don't want it.
I was where you are.
What the fuck?
So you were on the floor and you're
under the bed and ice on your back?
Yeah. I was on the floor. angry.
and in pain. and all of that.
Trust me.
Oh my god.
I fucking don't want you
to try to emotionally
understand me in any
way. you fucking creep.
We're not the same at all.
How do you know?
And your name
isn't Hawk. either.
Nobody's name is Hawk.
You keep going on
about radical honesty.
Your whole name is
a fucking lie. man.
What's your name?
What's your real name?
Tell me your name.
What's on your driver's license?
Howard Wilson Kelly.
It's Howard.
Your name is Howard.
The whole time it wasn't Hawk.
It was little Howie.
Oh my god.
That changes everything.
I didn't know we
had Howard among us.
We would have been
much nicer to you.
Where did Hawk come from. Howie?
How did you come up with Hawk?
I gave myself that name.
A nickname you gave yourself.
Literally the most pathetic words that
could have come out of your mouth.
Oh my god. did you ride a bike
across the playa at Burning Man?
Did you see a fucking
bird fly by or what?
No. it's something I
did after my wife died.
Did it ask for that?
Well. next time you should probably ask
someone else that question. I guess.
She got cancer.
You don't have to
answer his question.
say anything at all.
It's a fair question. you know.
How does Howard become Hawk?
So. for Joe...
After she died. I was doing
things that were pretty
suicidally stupid at work. and I almost
killed someone else along with myself.
And you know how people say your
whole life flashes before your eyes?
It happened to me. but not my
life. it was our life together.
It went by like a
movie in fast forward.
And I kept seeing this woman.
this like very gentle. very
shy. sweet girl. who. you know. thought
I was the center of the universe.
And in the movie. she was again and
again. trying to open up about her fantasy
life with me. to. you know. share this
sensual. adventurous side of hers.
for me to join in with her. and I
not only. you know. resisted it.
I withdrew and became judgmental and
insecure. and she felt so bad about it.
that at some point in that movie she just
stopped trying to get close to me at all.
I was suppressing her. you know. I
killed her attempt to live more boldly.
Somehow the universe put me on
the couch right next to this one.
She said to me. you know. you have two
choices. either set yourself on fire.
literally. or change
and become accessible.
So I decided that since I'm going to change
my life. I should change my name too.
and so I did.
I'm sorry your wife died. and
I'm glad you found a woman
who would beg you after you
didn't let your wife beg you.
Oh my god!
I apologize.
That is the moral of
that story. I think.
Oh my god!
My friend is sharing this
very difficult and painful
story with you and
you're mocking him?
I'm living a difficult and painful
story in real life right now!
I really didn't
expect that from you.
It's a fucking disappointment.
No. no. no. no. no. really.
Shut up.
Stop being disrespectful
to my friend.
Disrespectful?
Don't be disrespectful.
She says...
What does she say?
No. no.
I just wanted to clarify it.
I think they understood
what I was saying.
Are you going to interrupt
me now because of my English?
No. I was trying to clarify it.
No!
You keep interrupting me!
You keep correcting me!
Do you know how bad
your Spanish is?
And I'll never tell you. right?
What am I doing?
I'm helping you.
I've been telling you all night.
This isn't going to work.
Not tonight.
They're not ready.
Look at this fucking mess.
And you keep pushing.
You keep pushing because
you're just pushing.
And you know why?
Because you don't listen.
Just fucking listen.
Okay.
No. no. no.
I don't want to talk to you.
Just shut the fuck up already.
Once.
Seriously.
Once. just shut the
fuck up already.
I apologize.
Shut the fuck up.
I shouldn't have said that.
It was poorly timed
and you're right.
it's the last time
that will ever happen.
I completely understand
what you're saying.
You already said that.
No. I never said that.
I'll never do it again.
And I apologize for yelling at you and I
apologize that it was too much for you.
No. no. no.
Don't apologize.
I apologize. Joe.
I apologize.
It was a joke.
Don't apologize.
Let nobody apologize.
I apologize.
Yeah. you.
You don't have to.
You don't have to apologize.
We apologize.
Okay. we're one big
fucking disaster.
We couldn't even
manage the orgy.
Okay. we're dead inside.
So I apologize for that.
Don't worry about that.
You're definitely not dead.
You wanted to fuck both of us.
It just wasn't the right night.
But what I don't understand is
how you can even sleep together.
Because you're so
mean to each other.
Because you guys are
having sex. right?
When was the last
time you had sex?
A year ago.
Sorry. I thought
you said a year.
Did you say a year?
A year?
A year ago.
Oh my god. no wonder you're so
awkward and horny and weird.
Do you know why
you don't have sex?
Well. because of him.
It's your fault.
It's not my fault.
We don't have sex because she
doesn't want to have sex with me.
That's why.
You don't try.
How many times should I try before
I just start torturing myself?
It's humiliating.
I am being humiliated.
Am I not worthy of a little
more effort than this?
Or do you have to
try a little harder?
Do I have to put effort
into sex with a woman.
who should want to
have sex with me?
Why does it require
so much effort?
You should be attracted to me!
You're my wife!
What are you talking about?
You know what?
You don't want to
do anything. right?
So I'm starting with that.
Fine. it's not very attractive to be with
someone who is just fucking miserable.
So because you're miserable.
I'm miserable too.
You're miserable too.
so congratulations.
I guess we're both miserable.
we're even. right. you have no reason to be
angry Angela. you'd jack it off yourself.
you'd sleep with yourself.
would you go to bed with
yourself? all I do is go to
bed with myself. you're the
one who goes to bed with me
at the moment. yes.
didn't you remember a time when
you weren't miserable? Yeah. I did.
How did you two meet?
Who cares at this point?
I'll tell you.
Okay.
I was on a very bad date at a dive bar
where Joe was playing with his band.
And he was flirting with me from the stage
during the whole show and making me laugh.
And so I got dumped by my
date and I sprinted back
back to the bar to see if
I could catch Joe there.
And you did. but I don't think you ever
understood that I ran 11 blocks that night.
Did you know that?
I thought you were just
a weirdly sweaty person.
Maybe eating some bad shrimp
or something like that.
That's true.
Are you kidding me right now?
Are you fucking serious?
Do you really not
understand how I feel?
Doesn't it dawn on you?
I'm a loser. Angela.
I live in my parents'
apartment. which is humiliating.
I teach at a crappy school.
I teach kids how to play.
who don't give a shit at all
and nothing is going to change
in the foreseeable future.
So this is my life.
So I'm unhappy.
Yeah. why don't you
just let me be unhappy?
Why don't you just accept
that I'm not happy?
And just let me be unhappy.
I'm sorry your band
didn't make it. Joe.
I'm really sorry.
You still teach music every day.
You live in a beautiful house.
You have a child who
fucking adores you.
You have a life that
others would kill for.
But you just decided. that
you wouldn't let yourself
get over your bullshit and
you would just be unhappy.
You don't even fucking
touch that piano. which you
once loved. and we all have to
walk on eggshells around it.
You're like a sad.
wounded puppy.
Guys. do you want rooibos?
Oh. go fuck yourself. Hawk!
Go fuck yourself!
I'm the one who
gave up everything.
You did.
There's only one reason why
you're not doing what you
weren't doing. and that is
because you're not doing it.
You quit.
You gave up.
Can I ask you something?
Seriously.
What do you do all day?
Maggie goes to school.
I go to work.
You're going fucking
crazy in this apartment.
I don't know what the
fuck you're doing.
You're buying shitty lamps and
pillows and shit like that.
And then you just try to
fucking control every aspect
of my life when I come home at
the end of every fucking day.
It's. it's. it's. I.
what are you doing here?
What the fuck are you doing?
Fucking me?
Yeah.
Fuck me.
Go fuck yourself and I'm
not trying to control you.
You don't control me?
I don't control.
You won't let me
do anything at all.
get a fucking cat.
I don't like cats.
You're a fucking idiot.
Congratulations.
I wanted one fucking thing.
Do you see how you
talk to each other?
Do you see how you constantly blame
each other for your unhappiness?
These were your decisions.
They are your choices.
So much resentment.
So much.
Why are you even
in this marriage?
We have a daughter.
Maggie?
Great.
That's going to be really.
really great for her.
Because you think she
doesn't notice. right?
That she doesn't feel it.
You'd rather let her grow up bathing
in this terrible anxiety every day.
What's better. having happy parents
who are apart. or having very unhappy
parents who stay
together for the kids?
I think we only get a few chances
at meaningful relationships in life.
Usually we move on
to other people.
Sometimes we can have a new
relationship with the same person.
But.
I think this relationship...
Is over.
Yeah.
Yep.
But I'm not your
therapist. so...
I think I'm talking too much.
Hawk.
Oh my god. guys. I...
We really just wanted to
look at the apartment.
I apologize for
disappointing you.
Maybe next time.
Can I have my casserole
dish back. please?
Yeah.
Here. I... let me.
I'll rinse it for you.
Did they leave?
Weird.
I'll clean this up tomorrow.
We have that place
in Tahoe in August.
Maggie just wasn't
there. I don't know what.
We'll probably figure it out.
How's your back?
Actually better.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'm so tired.
Yeah. me too.
I'm going to lie down.
Um...
I should go sleep in
the study. I assume?
Okay.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today